---
title: 'Midterm Evaluation'
date: 2023-07-15T11:43:09+05:30
---

It has been more than one and a half months since I've been working on `pulpito-ng`, and I have merged PRs for the two bugs
I stated in my last post. Those were low-hanging bugs, thus had a fairly easy fix. After those bugs, I started working on the kill run button feature.

Merged PRs:

- Change year format: https://github.com/ceph/pulpito-ng/pull/15
- Update favicon: https://github.com/ceph/pulpito-ng/pull/20

### Killing Teuthology Run

One of the main features to implement in `pulpito-ng` is a kill button for killing Teuthology runs as well as individual jobs in a run. After talking with the mentors we concluded that killing individual jobs was not that necessary right now, so we'll first implement the kill button for a run.

The implementation includes a button for killing the run, and an alert that will convey whether it was successfully killed or not. I used the `Button`, `Snackbar` and `Alert` components of the Material UI library to implement it. The button has not been integrated with the `teuthology-api` as of now.

Although I made a PR and it got merged, one of our mentors had several merge conflicts with it as he is currently making dependency changes. Thus, the PR is going to get reverted until we integrate `teuthology-api` with `pulpito-ng`.

**PR:** https://github.com/ceph/pulpito-ng/pull/25

### Teuthology API Dependency Update

`Pydantic` recently released version 2, in which they created a separated library for settings and config, called `pydantic-settings`. Thus, the dependency has to be updated for `BaseSettings` class used in [`config.py`](https://github.com/ceph/teuthology-api/blob/main/src/config.py), as this class has moved to the new library. I have created a PR for the same, which replaces `pydantic` to `pydantic-settings`.

**PR:** https://github.com/ceph/teuthology-api/pull/4

### Contributor Midterm Evaluations

The midterm evaluation for GSoC was from 10th to 14th July, in which we had to fill up a form with very basic questions. Today I got a mail that I have passed the midterm evaluation, and the first stipend would be credited within 48 hours.

The first stipend is 45% of the total, that is _$675_. After the final evaluation, if I pass it I'll receive _$825_ as the final stipend and a certificate of completion. I'm going to try my best to complete this program as a successful contributor.
